add audits folder (#295)
eonian-core/farm: README.md

Decentralized savings account protocol and subgraph. More info in [docs](docs.eonian.finance).

> ## Audits
> 
> [Audits](./audits/) folder containts all audit reports for the protocol.
> 
> For additional code analysis and audts summary check [docs Audit page](https://docs.eonian.finance/security/protocol-audits).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Audits

[Audits](./audits/) folder contains all audit reports for the protocol.

For additional code analysis and audit summaries, check [docs Audit page](https://docs.eonian.finance/security/protocol-audits).

```

> ## Audits
> 
> [Audits](./audits/) folder containts all audit reports for the protocol.
> 
> For additional code analysis and audts summary check [docs Audit page](https://docs.eonian.finance/security/protocol-audits).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Audits

[Audits](./audits/) folder contains all audit reports for the protocol.

For the additional code analysis and audit summaries check [docs Audit page](https://docs.eonian.finance/security/protocol-audits).

```
